c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\TownsendBetterPortfolio.dll.config
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\TownsendBetterPortfolio.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\TownsendBetterPortfolio.pdb
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\obj\Debug\TownsendBetterPortfolio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\obj\Debug\TownsendBetterPortfolio.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\obj\Debug\TownsendBetterPortfolio.pdb
